hey oh there's a sideshow here 38 345
magic number to get dirty Duke might
ranking which gives you 38 gems a day
4,000 on our badges 70 shards and a 95%
hit point and attack bonus in the arena
which is really the main reason people
are ranking up on might so that they can
do better in the arena and we're going
for Duke plus dirty Duke gordita sighs
you do dirty do it's just a got a good
ring to it so anyways what i'm doing
here is first step for me as i am
rolling heroes i only have three slots
available and boom right here this Cupid
that little duplicate little Cupid right
there he becomes a very key part of the
strategy okay having that one extra
legendary could have been any legendary
by the way it just so happened to be
Cupid and I just so happen to be
leveling Cupid's ability at the same
time so nah just a coincidence there but
what I'm essentially doing is I'm
bringing all my Garrison's up I'm
ranking everybody's ability up to 2 of 9
i'm throwing all my guys in the
garrisons I rolled a bunch more
legendaries before this as you know
thousands and thousands away from the
magic 38 345 number 30 8345 might that's
where we're going so I grinded some here
be monsters there and that got me with
an 800 away see I'm 37 546 might here
right now at this point and I'm just
shifting up the base here what I'm
trying to do here I'm trying to create
I'm trying to create actually the god
fuzzy four-point-oh this this video
footage was actually recorded prior to
my footage on beating here B monster
challenge I so this was actually the
video as as grinding might trying to get
experienced trying to level up my
Garrison's right i leveled all my all my
blue heroes up to 60 or 80
and then I love all the i'm loving all
my duplicate legendaries at this point
they're all sitting in the garrisons
that's why all these towers of purple
garrison right now that's because I'm
running running those guys up i want to
get experienced I want my garrison to
get experience norm I do here B monster
H using a very similar base here to God
fuzzy four-point-oh which is what you're
looking at and I don't normally use
garrisonville so there we go 700 ish
might 37-6 that's where we're at thirty
seven six trying to get to 38 3 45 and
it's just off it is painful it was so
slow this is at least two hours of video
footage condensed down to like eight
minutes so this took a long time a lot
of here be monsters a lot leveling a lot
of shards just a lot of everything it
was very painful it was not enjoyable
however now that i'm duke it is nice to
hang around 300 to 500 rank in arena so
I grinded some hero monster not got me
600 away 37 829 so we're going to 38,000
345 so we're getting a little bit closer
and I'm just keeping I keep running H I
keep running a even if I lose most the
time I get just as much as experienced
as G so I'm not going for shards going
for pure experience here but because I
got a lot of garrison in I'm normally do
pretty well normally when deal here
every monster H so so that's always nice
there I do got the six hero basis so
that's obviously helping me in here B
monster H and running the Minotaur Cupid
spirit mage pumpkin do drew it thunder
god it looks like sometimes I swap that
Thunder got out for snowzilla and look
at that three heroes left to beat that
one 400 ish might just just hear your
monster over and over and over again now
here what I'm trying to do is I'm trying
to get that Cupid right that duplicate
Cupid from 56 to 60 that's my goal here
because I want to unlock that Cupid
sense so I keep it can go to 80 because
once that Cupid gets to 80 by my math I
should have du Krank Duke just a Geo
that just as just got a nice
goddammit so I'm just basically just
cruising hyper cruising through as fast
as i can i'm runnin dungeon 4040 shower
dungeon in dungeon eight but actually
what I learned later is that the 36-yard
dungeon is easier and gives more
experience than the 37 38 39 and 40
shard dungeon so if you ever have to
grind experience off on dungeons you go
dungeon the 36-yard one which is the
fourth in on the bottom and here you can
see I'm just keep going I keep going i'm
trying to get that keep it up i'm trying
to get it up I'm 400 away 400 away and
look at that so close 59 I'm so close
it's like this then I just boom I'm just
gonna do some raids all right I got
minotaurs really easy to get raids how's
this experience compared that was all
right four or five thousand and then
finally I got my Cupid up and then I'm
gonna keep going keep going i'm just
gonna keep raiding trying to get
experienced trying to get levels trying
to get that last few hundred might l man
is so not fun it's not fun all that work
all that work with cupid i'm still 400
might away can you believe it training
center now look at this when I says I
saw a mecha man there I saw becca mann
there sorry that one really quick
because i'm playing this video at 6 feet
so it's not too boring but basically
what i did was i I gem rushed mecha man
then I saw this disaster here too and
and basically farmed a bunch of gold so
that I could afford some of those gold
and then all 1485 gems all mecha man up
to five which opens up ornithopter one
which gives you like a double might hit
so there i'm at 38 407 and I sorta
cheated by Jim rushing magic like
disaster three I think was in there too
and mecha mensa sort of a inglorious
ending to all of that but it says I
could have leveled up that Cupid they
get another hundred might 20 levels
times 5 might per level on legendary and
I could have brought his ability up but
you know that probably would have taken
a few more days just to get the Erie
monster runs in and whatnot
so I just didn't feel like that was a
good option because I am extremely
impatient as you know that's why i use
frenzy so much in dungeons not because i
have to but just because I can sew and
you know I noticed it here I got four
out of five here I want to say I think I
lost one of these is my first 5s Duke
the real reason you farm up loop is so
you can do better in the arena and
there's going to be I think one match
here probably that one where I just
walked right through me and all I do
here is I probably pop around them or I
am crazy and again go right through him
I just bring in my meaty team I'm gonna
bring him a meaty team seal that works
there we go Thunder God and they're got
that proc off I think he's got
revitalize for and yeah get them done
get it done there so far 25 there hey
keep it dirty yeah that's at least dirty